we just like our president, what he does for our country, for our Motherland, just for the sake of interest, what your president does for your country, for your Motherland, just interesting. I don’t argue, I want it, I don’t live in your country, what your president does for your ra blesses blesses he blesses he is the patriarch Hello, I’m from Khmelnitsk And you’re from Russia, where are you from? We’re from Yekaterinburg, you’re 18 years old, and what is it? Well, I just don’t communicate with children, but if I’m already an adult, then I communicate, and you’re a Streamer, you’re running a Stream. I’m streaming, yes, but honestly, you’re doing the right thing. Why are you talking about everything? You’re looking at your girlfriend like she’s supposed to save you. Now no, she’s just weak. She’s eating. Yes, but what, what are you eating shawarma? Show me, I’ve never seen shawarma for real. How do they eat cola and shawarma where? shawarma in my mouth I realized what brought you to chat roulette girls time to kill time you can’t kill time can kill you And you won’t kill time too true too true Listen, here’s a question How do you feel about the fact that Russia attacked Ukraine neutral neutral that’s how that is, like, Well, no, well, it’s not our fault either. I didn’t ask now yet Whose it is, look, I don’t relate to this topic in any way in terms of killing, killing, I’m just neutral about it. Well, I’ll tell you. Well, look, Russia is destroying people in Mariupol in bakhmut in Kharkov in Kiev how do you feel about this Well, how could you feel about the fact that Ukraine itself has not heard from its citizens for 88 years for a long time. I’m talking about 8 years, but tell me. Now you’re 18 or whatever Tell me what you know I don’t know anything about what happened 10 years ago. Well, who told you that Ukraine has its own citizens? Why is it then all of Forsi? Well, this is Russia Forsi to justify his invasion of Ukraine. Well, this is your opinion, like when, tell me, when Ukraine attacked Ukraine, now I’ll say, come on I know Russia Russia attacked Ukraine in 1414 On February 26, 1414 in Crimea and on April 12 in Donetsk - Ugan sk By the way, I honestly don’t know what the inscription monochrome on your T-shirt means. Well, what is mono and what is chrome? Well, I don’t know either and what is monochrome? I have no idea monochrome, is there someone else climbing around your house? Well, on April 12, 1914, the Ukrainian Slavyansk was captured. Now Russia has captured the Ukrainian Slavyansk. Yes, that’s what I’m telling you. On April 12, Russia attacked, what are you talking about? I read here, it’s not written about Russia, the seizure of the Ukrainian layer. Well, read this phrase, read about April 12, and the war in the Donbass or the armed conflict in the Donbass is also an armed conflict in the east of Ukraine, military operations on the territory of the Donetsk and Luhansk region of Ukraine, which began on April 12, 2014 with the seizure of the Ukrainian Slavyansk, if they captured a Ukrainian city, then it wasn’t Ukraine that captured Pravda. Well, why then do they say that Ukraine is once again, once again? Look, you yourself read that the hostilities began with the capture of the Ukrainian Slavyansk. I said the same thing that I told you, yes, on April 12, Russia attacked the Donetsk and Luhansk regions, and now, in reality, by capturing the Ukrainian Slavyansk, that is, Russian troops. Yes, they captured the Ukrainian city of Slavyansk in the Donetsk region. They began. Let it be so for peaceful people, deputies. Yes, they changed the mayor; so further then look it turns out If Russia on April 12 began hostilities in the Donbass seize a Ukrainian city and this has already been going on for 10 years what is your question question Why Not a question question How do you feel about the fact that Russia people in Ukraine and Ukraine look Ukrainians are defending their territory the Russians came to Ukraine with weapons, of course And this is logical, our grandfathers when the Germans came here are also Germans, it’s true, but the one who defends his land is good. The one who came to seize someone else’s is bad. Well, ours also defend now the president himself made concessions to Ukraine. And what concessions should have been made? there was a moment when Putin suggested that he was offering to give up the territories No, he was offering Putin was offering to get together Just meet to discuss it all normally and decide Zelensky himself refused No no no look Zelensky Zelensky clearly states he is ready for our proposal We are ready to discuss the withdrawal of troops from Russia from the territory of Ukraine, that’s all, what’s the problem? We’ll meet at least tomorrow if Putin Yes, we’re ready to judge the withdrawal of troops from the territory of Ukraine, at least tomorrow we’ll meet. But Putin doesn’t want to. Putin says that let’s meet so that you give us the Donetsk Luhansk region of Crimea and two other regions, so it is and so Russia is already like this because, well, you have captured it now, this is war. That is, you, like Hitler, attacked Ukraine. Yes, and you have seized part of the territory for now. Well, you have captured it well, and that’s what I’m saying, this is how you feel about the fact that some girls your age in Kharkov in Kyiv in Donetsk, like in Crimea, are dying because of Putin’s actions neutral what what should we say I sympathize, I’m sorry So many people have already died Well, you can say yes I sympathize, I’m sorry so many people have died I need to say that to everyone Well, tell me I’m not interested politics what is happening, this is happening, let the presidents decide for themselves And who elects the president, citizens o That is, you elect the president, then you decide, we elect the president, we have never participated in the elections re Wait, well, like, well, you are already citizens in the next elections you will elect the president That is, the truth is not true Why not Well, this is also everyone’s desire, someone wants to take part in this, that is, someone does not want to participate in this Well, that is, you refuse to elect a president Well, understandable Yes, well We are satisfied with what we have now We are satisfied the current president That is, you support his policies, we have a neutral attitude towards them. What does he support here? Look, if he suits you, and what he does to the Ukrainian people means you are responsible for this too. Well, why are we immediately responsible for his actions, hold on, we don’t do anything about it don't wait don't you don't you support when you say that you support everything you legitimize blesses blesses the patriarch just protects Well, what is he doing? That's what the president did in Yekaterinburg, made the metro, let's have this smart one who suggests let her sit down and tell the president doesn't do the metro does No, it’s not the president who’s building the metro. Well, he’s not the one who gives the money; yes, the deputies allocate the money; the deputies accept the budget. And where does it come from? In the budget, the money that the deputies distribute; how it gets into the budget from taxes; from taxes; from whose taxes; citizens; that is, who builds the metro? That's right, you're great, you're learning quickly, look, for example, I'll explain How it works if, for example, you in a group chipped in for example 100 rubles Yes, and the headman went and bought pizza, so who is the carcass? The Earth is white Nka Well, sing Sing everything That's how Putin will live, he's building the metro like this Like piska comment write to my Telegram directly at the same time axis VN apok tse more and more respectfully YouTube taking us through the skarg ORV in your ban and even more video I don’t show people at the moment I don’t show information about the stream For this purpose, we need Mali operational link to write directly at the same time while there in telegra okm video sche tezh tsikava and korisna information and we are sorry for you trimati postiyny operational link nezalezhno in that chi show you the process YouTube Glory to Ukraine subscribe N